docs: update authorize to login (#140)
web3-storage/w3cli: README.md

### `w3 space register`

Register the space by adding a storage provider and delegating all of its 

> capabilities to the currently login account. If you are authorized against

Reviewer: ```suggestion
capabilities to the currently logged in account. If you are authorized against
```
